 Dynamic Form Builder - Part 1
Hard
0/120
Average time to solve is 60m
Structured HTML
CSS styling
JS DOM & events
Problem statement

Dynamic Form Builder - Part 1

Streamline your data collection with our dynamic form builder.

Welcome, developers! Your task is to create a dynamic form builder that simplifies form creation and enhances user experience, catering to diverse data collection needs with ease and efficiency.


Task for students

Must to have
The id and type, of the input box where you put the name of the form, should be "formName" and "text" respectively.
The value of the Text Field option should be "text".
The value of the checkbox option should be "checkbox".
The value of the radio option should be "radio".
The id of the Add Field button should be "addField".
The id of the Save Form button should be "saveForm".
The id of the div where you will display the forms should be "formsContainer".
When you press the Add Field button, there should pop-up the alert with "Your field in the form is added successfully"
Functionality tested
Should be able to take input in all the fields.
Should be able to Add filed on pressing Add Field button.
Should show the particular alert on pressinng Add Field button.
Should be able to save the form on the pressing Save Form button.
Should be able to update the form after saving it.
Should be abe to select the requirred text field options.

UI reference & demo
Use the given provided code and try to mirror the UI.


Evaluation
After submission, your solution will be evaluated automatically based on the tasks defined above.
Upon successful completion of all the tasks/requirements, you will get a full score, and there will not be any partial scoring.
You can work on your failed test cases & resubmit your solution.
Your problem will get evaluated instantly.

Do’s & don’t
Use the given code structure in editor and do not make any changes.
Do not modify existing classes or tags.
Focus on correct HTML structure and class names.

Query & feedback
In case of any query/feedback on this project, please fill this form & we will soon get in touch with you to resolve.

Best of luck, developers! We are eager to see your dynamic form builder!